THROUGH YOGA. NOW SHE'S OPENED A
YOGA STUDIO IN HAMBURG TO HELP
OTHERS FIND THEIR OWN SENSE OF
PEACE.
RAISING HER ARMS ABOVE HER
HEAD..AN TAKING DEEP BREAHTS
SARA
SZEGLOWSKI EASES HER STUDENTS -
INTO A STATE OF RELAXTION.
BUT GETTING TO THIS POINT-- SHE
SAYS-- HAS BEEN A WHIRLWIND.
JUST TWO YEARS AGO.. SHE
COULDN'T EVEN RAISE ONE OF HER
ARMS. WHEN SZEGLOWSKI WAS 38
YEARS OLD-- SHE WAS DIAGNOSED
WITH STAGE 2-B
BREAST CANCER.. OVER THE NEXT
YEAR, SHE WENT THROUGH CHEMO AND
RADIATION.. HAD A DOUBLE
MASECTOMY AND LYMPH NODES
REMOVED.
((1- :11 ONCE I FINISHED MY
TREATMENT I REALLY JUST FELT
LIKE THE GROUND HAD OPENED UP
UNDERNEATH ME, I WAS JUST REALLY
REALLY LOST)) SHE SAYS YOGA
ALLOWED HER TO RE- DISCOVER
JOY.. AND HELPED HER REGAIN
MOVEMENT IN HER ARM. SZEGLOWSKI
STARTED TEACHING CLASSES FOR
OTHERS IN TREATMENT AND RECENT
SURVIVORS.. SHE EVEN DID A VIDEO
FOR ROSWELL FOR CANCER PATIENTS
IN HOSPITAL, TEACHING THEM "BED
YOGA" NOW SHE'S EXPANDED SHINE
YOGA TO ANYONE WHO'S INTERESTED.
((I THINK WHAT I LEARNED FROM
CANCER IS THAT WE'RE ALL SO
FRAGILE AND I LOOKED AROUND AND
JUST SAW HOW STRESSED OUT PEOPLE
ARE)) SHE HOPES THE HAMBURG
STUDIO SHE
OPENED IN SEPTEMBER CAN BE AN
OUTLET.
((5- A PLACE WHERE ANYONE CANCER
SURVIVOR OR SOMEONE WHO IS JUST
STRESSED OUT LIKE ALL OF US ARE
I THINK THESE DAYS WHO